Have you ever considered
Maybe it's Tang Long's discerning eyes
I think late autumn is a talent
This is why we gave the occupancy agreement to our late autumn family
Talent refers to
The back one.
Don't you dare talk nonsense again.
Believe it or not, I'll tear your mouth apart.
Don't be so disbelieving
Call Pang Long over and ask
I knew he had the wrong person.
What are you?
The richest man in the Tang Dynasty has a lot of daily responsibilities
Because of your trivial matter
Come to our Su family
Even if the richest man in Tang is idle to death
He will take care of your anger.
What if I call him over?
If you call him back
I call you Daddy Three Tones
Ok son
Go away, Master Tang
Hello, son.
Let's go and greet our guests.
Tang Tang richest man